whoa what is up guys James refused and
just like I promised I was going to do a
full review of these Lost Island DLC
that was available for Crysis 3 now I
have put in some time playing the Crysis
3 and the actual multiplayer maps that
came with the Lost Island DLC and some
of the actual game modes and playing
around some of the weapon now in this
video I'm gonna start off with the wet
now the cloth is a heavy assault rifle
that is available right when you
actually unlocked it before you purchase
the DLC and actually both weapons are
locked right from the get-go
which is something I honestly didn't
really like I would honestly like to see
some way we can progress to the point
where we can unlock them to really
increase the longevity and put a new
goal into the game to actually make it
so you have to unlock something and
actually progress to do it instead of
having it just given to you with every
single attachment and just have you play
around with it now the claws like I said
is a heavy assault rifle it's actually
not that bad though the only problem
with it is that the recoil and the
visual recoil that's in the claw is
actually quite a bit when you compare
two weapons such as the scar and the fi7
one and it really does get outplayed
multiple times and I honestly thought
that the club would be a bigger and
better performer than a lot of the other
weapons but it seems just to be a
primitive in-between between the light
machine guns which still can now play
the clock and then the assault rifles
which honestly still outplay it so it's
is something on I would normally not
play with because there are better
weapons that you can unlock it right
from the get-go such as a scarab can be
the doubt pretty often if you're playing
in the right ranges in to play in the
right way now the next weapon is a rhino
the right more actually has been
recently patched or induced to reduce
its actual range and like the damage
drop-off but it
still is probably the best shotgun in
the game and one of the best weapons to
use all around the Rhinos a
semi-automatic
pump-action shotgun we're not
pump-action is a semi-automatic but it
reloads like a pump-action shotgun shell
by shell and it actually is a pretty
powerful thing it's a little bit less
powerful than the Marshall even though
the Marshall kind of does more damage
than it needs to actually one shot kill
someone so having the Rhino be a little
bit less powerful it guarantees you that
you'll still be able to do one-shot
kills and then the semiotic makes it so
you don't have to read cock the gun and
like pretty much pump it like the
Marshall but you just do the rate of
fire is a little bit lower than the
jackal even though it still ends up
being a little bit more of a powerful
weapon it's not overpowered simply it
doesn't beat out every weapon in every
case though it is actually a pretty
powerful weapon and something they still
need a tweak in current nerf and between
the two weapons the Rhino is definitely
one I would play with more often now
when it comes to the actual Maps they're
only two maps I actually like to play on
which is crossing and coastline now the
other maps which a Creek in the scent
are actually really nice ascent is
probably the nicest map though one
actually comes out to playing and just
having a little bit of fun I like
playing on close fighting because of
nostalgia
so that map in my opinion is still tied
with this site when the maps are pretty
large with this dlc and with the max
player count being pretty low for Crysis
3 when it comes to other games with maps
around the same size you do get a pretty
slowed playstyle especially we're
playing frenzy and when everyone's
pretty much going up against each other
a free fall the the emptiness of the map
does really slow down things because
everyone ends up cuddling into one
sector and what comes to possession and
team possession you do have a little bit
more of a faster pace
it was just still the maps are a little
bit too large now frenzy is a pretty fun
game type and it actually is a party
game times I honestly will be playing a
little bit more than I did what hunter
mode and when frenzy is it's a
deathmatch variant where every 60
seconds the weapon will cycle along with
its loadout
and attachments and you pretty much have
to stay alive and kill as many people as
possible until you get the five times
multi-player and then you have to again
kill as many people as possible so
either the score runs out which I
believe is 10,000 it's not that easy to
reach or the time runs out which is most
likely what will happen now possession
is a pretty much I captured a flag to a
pretty much king of the hill variant
when you match those together where if
you hold on to this alien Pole and you
pretty much it reacts the same way as
the pole the weapon Pro doesn't help
whatsoever so you don't have to worry
about that though it still is a once
one-hit kill even if you have a max
Nanosuit and you can still throw it at
people and you hold on to this pole to
gain points and whoever has the most
points at the end of the round pretty
much wins and it is a pretty fun game
mode and it's probably one of the game
modes I will be playing more when it
comes to game mode such as crash sight
and capture the relay which I do play
quite often so I will be putting that in
probably my top three game modes that
most likely be playing with friends
though in the overall grand scheme of
this DLC if you would pick it up or not
I honestly suggest not going to it
doesn't really add things into the game
that you're going to be using quite
often like the weapons you can use the
Marshall which beats out the Rhino
majority of the time because you're
going to be close quarters and Marshall
has a pretty high one-hit kill range and
then the claws just it's just not that
good there are no modules that come with
it the maps honestly the amount of
servers with the low player account
roughly around 200 to maybe 120 people
the 200 give or take a few on the daily
basis with about 30 to 50 servers and
having people that far spread out and
then the game modes themselves being
spread out and then adding a DLC to
spread them out even more really does
reduce the player account for people
that you obviously are can you playing
on the map so you're most likely still
gonna be having the same amount of fun
just playing Crysis 3 as it is
now for me I purchased the DLC mainly
because I'm the really big crisis fan
but I wanted to actually get a feeling
if Crytek will be able to save crisis
with it
now if the DLC was at least like like 7
bucks just honestly they could have
still made pretty a pretty good amount
of money if they sold it for 7 bucks
people more people to purchased it
instead of paying what I think I paid 15
bucks for it and if you more people
would have purchased it they would have
made more money and then I think it
would have brought in some of the people
in the and like the past that played the
game and bought the game but just stop
playing it whoever brought them back in
because it's a cheap DLC and really will
freshen things up and that's what it
actually did he did freshen things up
but it's just the lack of players really
does hurt Crysis 3 and then the cost of
it really did hurt it again no I do I am
saying that the DLC isn't worth it so
that's pretty much my conclusion for is
like if you are thinking about picking
it up even though this this reviews a
little bit late to the game for you guys
but honestly it's just it's not worth it
whatsoever like I said it does freshen
things up but it's nothing that's
actually worthy enough to actually go in
and pick up $15 worth of a DLC when
there are games out there there are $15
there are actually really good games so
this is for maps to game modes and to
weapons even though one weapons actually
pretty good both the game modes are
alright but the maps themselves just
they weren't really developed well
enough for the actual crisis themselves
now maybe when mods come out in the
future Crysis 3 multiplayer will pick up
again those those are all community made
so it's pretty much Crytek's not
spending any money on it that's what
save Crysis 2 on the PC no firown'
consoles I'm sorry for you guys but the
game was pretty much dying and is dying
a lot quicker than Crysis 2 so that is
it for this video guys if you enjoy to
hate this video leave a rating down
below
shares are appreciated and like always
have a good day